It's okay, I just paid for the human difficulty governor,
He came just in time. Haha, what?
You said you were going to spend the difficulty governor,
I really want to laugh out loud and put a lot of pressure on me,
Who do you think you are?
Governor Nanbei, governor of the land,
Do you want to pay as much as you want?
I think he is so crazy that he doesn't know who he is.
Will you soon know who I am?
Haha, who are you?
Is there anyone better than the Governor?
The governor is the number one person in charge. Change sword
It's a small place that's hard to hit
Are you outside the world
There are other exams
I don't have any exams
I am my own supporter
I've seen everything I can think of in just a few days.
I really want to see him
You always have adults still here with you, right?
This step is life or death
You are more powerful than me, come here
I've met Mr. Soto
what happened
I am famous personally
That's the name
a little energy
Looking for connections, I checked Longmen
He also said that it would cost you your position as governor.
You're going to cost my governor